feature (2) : Sessions                  paper : Detection of Unauthorized IoT using ML
            A Session in TCP is cconversation from conne ction establishment to closing of connection.
    From the perspective of Research paper Detection of Unauthorized IoT using ML, We use sessions information to reconstruct
    traffic data to extract attributes of dataset for classifier
context: proposed method


feature (3): Port number                paper: Detection of threats to IoT Devices using VPN based Honeypots.
            Port number is essential of differentiate process running at same host as IP address alone is not sufficient to uniquely address.
    From the perspective of Research Paper on Detection of threats to IoT Devices using VPN based Honeypots. 
    This feature can help us detect connections outbound from our Honeypot VLAN. (IP,port is recorded instead of just ports for better understanding)
context: conclusions, IP and ports are used for evaluation/analysis 


feature (4) : MAC/ Physical address      paper: Detection of Unauthorized IoT using ML  
            MAC address is the Hardware address of the device it is assigned by the manufacturers of the Network Interface Cards.
    Helpful to identify the maker of the device but this method is not always reliable as it difficult but possible forge MAC Address.
    This provides with basis for neccessing of building a ML model to white list devices connecting to the network.
    (IP,MAC is recorded instead of just ports for better understanding)
context: Related work


feature (1): Min Time To Live:          paper: Detection of Unauthorized IoT using ML  
            Time To Live field  is the life span of that TCP segment, TCP segment might endup in getting routed in endlessly in a loop, to prevent this middle boxes discard segment when TTL expires.
    Min TTL was found to be the most import feature/attribute to train the model for white listing IoT devices. importance score recorded was 0.038.    
context: table - 4


feature (5): HTTP Header:                paper: Detection of threats to IoT Devices using VPN based Honeypots
            HTTP Request methods provided HTTP protocol are used to request/retrieve some data from a host/server, we can get a lot of information by just looking at 
    HTTP request headers. From the perspective of Request paper Detection of threats to IoT Devices using VPN based Honeypots,
    Honeypots keep monitoring the malignant requests like request for config files of IoT deivies. Honeypots analyze the request URLs uising a unsupervised learning model HONeypot Novel HTTP Request ANalyzer (HONAN)
context: Live Detection of Novel HTTP Requests